mumma mrsnrmuusn‘arr.. 85

ardepmartow amended ¹at tho Home Office, and was allowed the
bpportrtnityof explaining the grounds upon which the Society
claimed the protection of tlte Governrue'nt, aod the circumstances
which had led the Oouacil to seek an interview. Sir Jemes
-Gtadmm'steted that the govmnment had not yet determined
¹arisatoourse to pursue, in reference to the medicalg‘profession, the
subject· being one on which it was not easy to legislate, and
inquired whether the Society desired a royal charter of incor-
poration? The deputation replied, that it was the intention of
the-Oouncil to apply for this favour when their plans were more
fully materedr but they thought it right to wait until they were
an a position to prove, hyan appeal to facts, that the mensures
witich they proposed to carry out, in reference to their body,
were calculated to promote the public welfare, and that, in
grantiug a charter to the Society, her Majesty would henefit the
community at large, no less than the parties to whom it was
granted. 'fhe leading objectos the Society being to regulata
'the education, and ensure the competence‚ of those who conr·
pound medicines‚ it was contended, that assoon as it could be
shown that the means adopted were calculated to attain the end
in view, the Council might, on public grounds, petition for the
sanction and protectior of her Majesty and the Government.
'dlhe arrangements of the Society being as yet incomplete‚ the
*immediata object of the deputation wasto solicit the privilege of
being communicatisd with as the representatives of the Chemists
and Druggists, in the event of any mensures affecting that body
coming belbre the goremrnent. The subject having been fully
‘andrauly discussed‚ Sir James Graham engaged that nothing ’
should he done, in reference to the subject in question, without
timely· notice being given to the President of the Pannurceu-
Ιτιοοοθοοιοίἰπ “
;Ῑ-· ithae hitherto been considered a necessary consequence of
ntbeerluoation ofachemist thathe becomes a medical practitioner.
θοῇ predecessore, tha original Apothecan'es, who were merely
compescuere of medicine, possessed very limited advantages in
respect to education, aad in proportion as they advanced in
-inoehigeoca and knowledge they encroached on the Physicians
mutii they became to all intents aad urpnses medical· men.
=Whan'they esiablished a Half, and laid ioan a regular course of
ltudy-fsr* ahairapprentices‚ they were not content with inshucring
tatanem thosescienceswhich relate to the compoundfng of druge,
hmindludodin' their {curriculum surgery, plrysiology‚ anatomy,
dragmatica-of medicine and midanfery. -By this means they “
ιοιιρβιιιῐιῑιιιο publlowith 'a very arseful class of medical prac·
tenuereparcae· services are called into requisitiou by a large
,plagatam mauroso· patients whose situation ln life does not

 

